such welcome guys there has not yet been
more than barcelona this time I bring you the
challenge number 2 of the week this time
will be is today better said will be
with the sniper ado low sm completely
of gold I hope and have an excellent
day and that they are passing it on
better as you see then the only possibility
to kill here in the hall as I already
had said in other videos is champion
not in this corridor pillar or camping
in the other in the other position that can
be a little bit more complicated because
lets you see the whole corridor extension
As you see, I walk funcas, I bring in the same
notice that the previous video but same
just likewise I'm just
playing with the awm sniper
and well many people have put me in the
past video put me in the comments
that his dad was still buying the
animal cookies and then yes to
those who are from mexico and I think that
only in Mexico do they sell them to those
cookies I do not know if they are famous in others
countries but they are some cookies that have
shape of animals and the truth that they are
they are historical because I remember that
my grandmother bought them as a stroller
bought and gave me milk then I
I remember a lot of those cookies because
I eat the meals too although they are
because now because he has changed
the flavors are a bit bad the
comparison of the before good how
they are watching, so I am in a couple
from kills to the first round and then everything
it's perfect up there but then
more people start coming to me and because
He began to charge equally
the truth is still good
thanks to aldo who lent me the
account to record has helped me
too much in the tone of loaned the account
with mp 5 and then I wanted to send greetings
to other people
greeting android red and optimus prime
something like this I do not know what the vato is called a
greeting little friends who saw that they
send a greeting in this video a greeting
also to all those people that I
they said that I send them a greeting but of
same way I did not remember a greeting to
mateo monti to concha lamb to all
those who are seeing lived thank you
for all the support I have received and
thank you very much for the 888
subscribers in the channel we go for the
thousand subscribers this has always been my
goal and we will achieve it and we will achieve
the good and if one day I have to
remove what I'm going to remove doing
history
bone in operation 7 let's go I'm going to
first before I retire I'm going to do
all the best I will give it 100% or more
so that I can go and that you
they think they are satisfied and well, I hope
are you liking the video you already know
I took her killing people here
he grew up they are here changing a hallway
so I can not fight with sneijder
why
it is a single burst and it recharges it or it is not
I remember what that red name is called almost
I forget the name of this kind of
sneijder and well it is completely
golden and the truth has a lot
advantage I have entered several games and I
has touched that the two one is behind
of the other and with this one is neither to see me is a
combo kill dolls or single bullet
and then it's very good because the bullets
they are very yellow bullets are from the
best bullets I do not know what if he does
championing and if it was obviously going to
to kill as they see if we get a combo
higher than combo 3 subscribe
will be subscribed to reach the
thousand subscribers this yes I am
recording at the same time that I'm
delegation of the gameplay combo 4.5 go
Let's see if we can get combo 7 to see and see
with voice 6 com
like six or seven you have to subscribe
subscribe now we come to the combos and
Well, they do not stop us from continuing to fight
because then and they killed that leader but
just like these ways you have to
go up for the kill 7 combo that
I promised and I made it
and well then the video a little bit
because yes no
that way it will last more than 7
minutes of the work his surrender of
video is fine for gameplays to do
long but many people have asked me
20 minute gameplays so you do not know
I was doing them because maybe a lot
people would not see it but other people do like that
to put in the comments
what is your favorite sniper and mine is
the king tag I do not know if they know him sniper
level 45 is the is the
has a unique caliber in the game I think
which is the same caliber that one of
the lottery weapons the line in a row
something like that I do not remember but it 's sniper the
true that is quite good and as
we see then the end of the
game and has shown with a score
reasonable and very good for the weapon that
we bring with us expressed up
this video are from your favorite led
subscribe and thanks for the thousand
subscribers